_pages/access.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Requesting compute access 
permalink: /access/
description: Requesting compute access
---

These instructions do not apply to the following RCS resources
- WeBWork: access is handled by your instructor
- ArcGIS: Instructions [here]()
- MATLAB: Instructions [here]()
- Globus: Instructions [here]()

Request for access to compute resources should be made by
submitting a ticket through the on-line system [requests](https://request.fandm.edu)

Once logged into the system, choose
1. Information Technology Services
2. Research
3. Under the Services heading click on
   HPC Cluster, Computer Science, or Research Computing Services Account Creation Request
4. Click the Request Service button on the right side of the screen

When filling out the details on the ticket
- Change the Department field to Research Computing Services
- As part of the Description please include
  1. The compute resource(s) you need access to
  2. The software needed for your research
  3. If you are a student, the name(s) of the faculty you are working with

Commit message:

Formatting changes to access page

_pages/access.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Requesting compute access 
permalink: /access/
---

**Note:** These instructions do not apply to the following RCS resources

- WeBWork: access is handled by your instructor
- ArcGIS: Instructions [here]()
- MATLAB: Instructions [here]()
- Globus: Instructions [here]()

---
Request for access to compute resources should be made by
submitting a ticket through the on-line system [request.fandm.edu](https://request.fandm.edu)

Once logged into the system, choose
1. **Information Technology Services**
2. **Research**
3. Under the Services heading click on
   **HPC Cluster, Computer Science, or Research Computing Services Account Creation Request**
4. Click the **Request Service** button on the right side of the screen

When filling out the details for your request
- Change the Department field to **Research Computing Services**
- As part of the description please include
  1. The compute resource(s) you need access to
  2. The software needed for your research
  3. If you are a student, the name(s) of the faculty you are working with
